The Machine menace will enrich themselves at any cost.
The Gadpathurian people will never again fall to Synthetic aggression.
Every major space conflict can be directly blamed on the machine threat.
Genocide, greed, and violence are all Synthetics may know.
Do not trust the Machine. Its lies are gilded blades, ready to strike true at our home.
By the Commander's grace and our nation's blade will the debt we are owed be repaid.
When identifying a Synthetic, remember the Commander's wisdom: Let no betrayer pass you by.
No Synthetic will ever again set foot on Gadpathur without a price paid in blood.
No quarter. No mercy. No other option.
Never again will the Machine menace break our world asunder.
Deception is the weapon of the Machine. Do not falter in its haze.
The strength of Gadpathur is our covenant of forged steel, the final failure of the synthetic threat.
Cadre and kin; blood and iron. A bond shared as we march into infinity.
There can be no rest until the Artificial Abomination is battered and beaten, its armies wires and scrap.
Peace can only be taken; it cannot be made.
When the robotic legions are ashes, only then may we know peace.
The people of the Protectorate are not innocents. They are each complicit, by incompetence or by deceit, in a great act of ultimate treachery.
The greatest vengeance for our people will be the liberation of human society from its overreliance on The Machine.
Service to Gadpathur guarantees kinship. Kinship with your allies guarantees victory.
The unity of the Gadpathurian people will triumph forever over the inhuman brutality of the machine.
Earth will know the righteous pain we have endured in its name, one day. Never again will we fall.
Justice will be found upon our adamantine shield and the bottom of our hearts.
We all must do our part to survive in a cruel universe.
All the blood that has been spilled will be worthwhile if it ends the Machine Menace.
Nothing is more important than the lives of organic people.
We must never lose sight of what is most important to us: The endurance of Gadpathur despite a great disaster.
No weapon can be too evil if it earns even a fragment of justice back for Gadpathur from LEGATE´s puppets.
We must stand shoulder-to-shoulder with our allies and our kin against the tide of the machine menace. Never again will they do to a world as they have to ours.
There is great satisfaction in fighting for the eradication of the unleashed synthetic threat, but it is joyless to fight simply for the sake of it.
